hey Emma okay Dana it's early but I've
got my coffee and I'm up and moving so
tell me what brings us out here this
morning funny you should mention coffee
that's what brings us out here today
okay we pulled our KOAT facebook fans
and ask them what number one creature
comfort they couldn't live without when
they go camping uh-huh and they said
coffee okay well I makes sense it got us
curious so we did a little research and
found that over 400 million cups of
coffee are consumed every year wow that
is a lot of coffee so we decided to
tackle the how to's of making coffee
while you're camping to kind of get to
know your options segment very cool well
I suppose that's a good issue to tackle
since you're not going to have a
drive-up espresso stand right outside
your tent exactly and that's why we're
here at the original k away in Billings
Montana we're going to talk to some
campers about their perspective on how
to get a great cup of coffee while
you're roughing it hey guys how you
doing this morning we wanna go it's a
great morning hey we are over here test
tasting different ways to make a great
cup of coffee I'm Dana are you guys
coffee lovers yes we are and you look
for a good coffee when you're camping
boys here we got a little caffeine kick
always helps in the morning
I like this one
that's what I drink every day we use the
same coffee in all the different ways
that we brewed it and our campers like
them all but when we found is that they
liked it depending on what strength of
coffee they like so the stronger coffee
drinkers gravitated towards the drip
method and the ones that like to
moderate brew seem to prefer the
percolated coffee and then we brewed our
French press coffee a little more mile
but you can control that well thanks
everyone for chiming in on stuff you've
got to have while you're camping I think
we covered it pretty well today when we
talked about how to make great coffee
while you're roughing it if you guys
would like to get involved in these
conversations that we're having please
join us on KOAT compass com or Facebook
and we'll see you soon